First, a pair of confessions.  One:  I really just wish I was using gmail
for everything.  Two:  I don't see myself ever finding a mail client I
like even half as well as mutt.

If you haven't used mutt with gmail, by the way, you should.

Anyway, the server-side filtering done by gmail is something I've been
missing so much that I kept trying to get Evolution to work properly at WR
and never had more than marginal success.  Back in December '08 a friend
pointed me at imapfilter, which is basically procmail (using lua as a
scripting language) for IMAP.  That gets me close enough to gmail's
filtering for all practical purposes.

What you have here is my prototype imapfilter configuration.  You'll need
to install imapfilter (apt-get install imapfilter) and then you can move
this config.lua into your ~/.imapfilter directory.  Put in your username
and password in the obvious spots and you're off to the races.  You invoke
it with 'imapfilter -v' on the command line, wait for it to filter your
stuff into mail boxes as appropriate and hopefully it'll be easier to
figure out what needs to be responded to in what order.

I *think* it creates new mail folders on the IMAP server if they don't
already exist, but I don't really remember, so use it carefully.  Also,
you'll want to have a close look at what I've got in there now, really you
should just use it as a guide for what I've already figured out you can
do, because you probably don't want to file your mail the same way (or
based on the same criteria) as me.

Suggestions or improvements are welcome, though.  Of all of the stuff in
my tree here, this is the one that is the least mature.  It reached 'good
enough' status and I'm using it now but I really want to get back to it
and flesh it out.
